TODO.md, before:

- MVP
   - attachment modal for messages
   - optimize message component (remove chakra stuff and add tailwindcss stuff) so it looks better when scrolling very fast
   - integrate tRPC
   - delete messages
   - rate limiting
   - strip exif metadata
   - allow guests to view profiles and posts
   - find a better way to optimize the post options button and menu
   - find a better way to optimize iconbuttons (and maybe buttons in general)

- POST MVP
  - HTML template with styling for password reset Email
  - Account deletion
  - Background color for attachments
  - Show parent post when opening a child post
  - Searching using post content
  - A notification system
  - Trending
  - Show recent searches when focusing searchbar
  - Post reporting
  - Event sharing
  - Device sessions
  - Profile picture cropping modal
  - tag-based searching/filtering for convos (`date:2022-03-02` or `name:illusion` or something like that) and maybe for general search too ?
  - emojis/emotes using twitter's bullshit thingy
  - notify people that are interested in an event when the event starts.
  - actual messaging recommendation algo instead of just getting whatever rows

Commit message:

feat/fix: attachment modal for messages, optimized message component, and fixed post and message length limit

TODO.md, after:

- MVP
   - handle pasting images
   - integrate tRPC
   - delete messages
   - rate limiting
   - strip exif metadata
   - allow guests to view profiles and posts
   - find a better way to optimize the post options button and menu
   - find a better way to optimize iconbuttons (and maybe buttons in general)

- POST MVP
  - save an attachment's height to db when sending a message so we can use that to make sure the container has the proper height so no jumping happens with virtuoso (if an attachment's height exceeds 400px then we'll set the height to 400px since that's the max)
  - HTML template with styling for password reset Email
  - Account deletion
  - Background color for attachments
  - Show parent post when opening a child post
  - Searching using post content
  - A notification system
  - Trending
  - Show recent searches when focusing searchbar
  - Post reporting
  - Event sharing
  - Device sessions
  - Profile picture cropping modal
  - tag-based searching/filtering for convos (`date:2022-03-02` or `name:illusion` or something like that) and maybe for general search too ?
  - emojis/emotes using twitter's bullshit thingy
  - notify people that are interested in an event when the event starts.
  - actual messaging recommendation algo instead of just getting whatever rows
